Wrote remindme.md (#70)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/general/remindme.md

# RemindMe

> This cog provides a simple remind feature by letting the bot send a user the message or embed they reacted on. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cog provides a simple remind feature. <br>
```

> React on a message with one of the following emojis, to get a reminder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user reacts on a message with one of the following emojis, the bot sends a copy of that message to the user as a direct message:
```
